Game Design Document:

The basis of this game is that you are a rover, a robotic planetary explorer on a mission:
Find habitable planets that are suitable for human life.

Your landing capsule, the one that transported you to the planet's surface, is home base.
You're trying to explore the surface of the alien world that you've landed on.

Alien insects start swarming from spawn points, holes in the ground or caves.
For the purposes of Lab 8, there will only be one spawning point, and the enemies will move in a straight line toward the landing craft.
Also, for the sake of time, there will be no rover, just the landing craft.
This will esentially be a short tutorial level for a larger game that we may or may not develop in the future.

Displayed text should instruct the player of the story and purpose of events.
The landing craft has landed, and depleted its solar-powered batteries in doing so.
At the beginning of the game, the capsule immediately deploys its solar panels in order to begin recharging.
The sound of the landing and subsequent mechanical action of deploying the solar panels alerts nearby insectoid life.
The insects burrow to the surface, and begin marching in a line toward the Capsule.
The Capsule engages its defensive laser and begins engaging the insectoids as soon as they are in range.

The player will have the ability to create one additional Defensive turret, immediately adjacent to the Lander.

Win / Lose Conditions:
Win: Full battery and Capsule not destroyed.
Loss: Capsule is destroyed.
The game will end when either the Capsule is destroyed by the insectoids or the batteries are recharged and the Capsule can lift off.
The Capsule's single defensive laser will not fire fast enough to be able to destroy all of the incoming enemies before it is overcome.
The player must choose to use some of the battery energy to deploy a small, supplementary defensive turret.
This is the only way to defeat the game. If the player does not deploy a second turret, the game will end in a loss.

Entities (these become classes): 
- Capsule (Landing ship)
- Enemies
- Capsule's projectiles (Visual fx)
- Enemy spawn point (Should be a visual marker on the map)
- Defensive Turret
