Lab 8 Report
Team Front Right
Team Members: Jerry Valentin, Connor Cooper, and Eliana Nichols

Project overview: Tower defense game.
Landing capsule and defense turret are the player's bases. These must be defended against oncoming enemy alien insects while the battery charges so the capsule can 
take off. 

DONE      +8    Four hours tracked towards the final lab (2 pts each)
DONE      +4    Pros and cons of using classes (OOP) for this specific idea/problem 
DONE      +4    Describe at least one data structure we have covered that would be useful 
                and explain why.
DONE      +4    Provides at a high level least two test cases/unit
                tests for the problem outlined above (2 pts each)

Hours:
3/23/2026    60 minutes: Initial meeting, brainstorming of ideas, created a Discord server for communication, watched YouTube videos about GitHub
3/24/2026    60 minutes: Created a GitHub Repository, ReadMe file, GitHub project, and Lab8.txt file
                         Discussed data structures for use in the Lab. 
                         A great idea was for there to be a dequeue of the instances of the class of the enemies.
                         Generated Game Design document, posted to GitHub
3/25/2026    60 minutes: Created main.cpp and a src directory, created: Enemy.cpp, Enemy.h, Capsule.cpp, Capsule.h, Turret.cpp, Turret.h, Game.cpp and Game.h
                         Updated main.cpp to push game window and basic logic to game.cpp. Updated Project dashboard relative to progress, including specific tasks.
3/26/2026    60 minutes: Housekeeping day. Added code to all of the class files to make them valid and compileable. Ensured that all teammembers had git and Cmake
                         installed on their local machine and that we are all able to clone the repo, pull, push and commit to the repo. In this way we can begin 
                         progressing individually toward the collaborative whole. Updated game.cpp so that the code to open the game window is therein contained. 

Pros of using classes for this specific problem:

      Several of the game components (enemies, projectiles) we will need to have multiple instances of, so classes will allow us to create multiple objects that we can
      manipulate individually. 
      The capsule landing ship, enemy spawn point, and defensive turret will also be classes as it will allows to create individual methods to control the different
      game aspects of each. 
      In addition, because we have a team, dividing up the the different parts of the game into classes will help compartmentalize and collaborate on the project.

Cons of using classes for this specific problem:

      So far, we will need 5 different classes (enemies, projectiles, capsule landing ship, enemy spawn point, and defensive turret) for the different moving pieces of
      the game. It may be complicated to keep up with so many classes for the scope of this project. 

Description of at least one data structure that would be useful:

      We think a queue will be useful for instances of our enemy class, as this will allow us to create increasingly more difficult enemies to fight. 

Why that data structure would be useful:

      Because queues are first in first out, we can start with easier enemies at the beginning of the game and have harder enemies spawn and store later. 

Test Case / Unit Test 1:

      Game window opens and closes. This requires a game window on a loop and detection for an Event, the closure of the window. See below:
#include "Game.h"
#include <SFML/Graphics.hpp>

void Game::run() {
    sf::RenderWindow window(sf::VideoMode({800, 600}), "Game");

    while (window.isOpen()) {
        while (const std::optional event = window.pollEvent()) {
            if (event->is<sf::Event::Closed>()) {
                window.close();
            }
        }

        window.clear();
        window.display();
    }
}

Test Case / Unit Test 2:

      Sucessfully populate an enemy.

